c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\EGO.BusinessLogic.dll.config
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\EGO.BusinessLogic.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\EGO.BusinessLogic.pdb
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\EGO.Data.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\EGO.Model.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\EGO.Service.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\Owin.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\EGO.Data.pdb
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\EGO.Model.pdb
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\EGO.Service.pdb
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\obj\Release\EGO.BusinessLogic.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\obj\Release\EGO.BusinessLogic.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.BusinessLogic\obj\Release\EGO.BusinessLogic.pdb
