c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\EGO.Service.dll.config
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\EGO.Service.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\EGO.Service.pdb
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\EGO.Data.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\Owin.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\EGO.Data.pdb
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\obj\Release\EGO.Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\obj\Release\EGO.Service.dll
c:\users\nhlakanipho\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGO Solution\EGO.Service\obj\Release\EGO.Service.pdb
